>> Estelle Weyl: So this is just
to introduce another feature which
is hyphens.
There's Hyphenation,
there's WBR, and there's Shy.
WBR is element it is HTML.
It's not CSS and you can put it
anywhere where you want to save,
this would be a good place for
a word break.
And then Shy is a dash that is optional,
if it's at the end of the word put
a dash here, if it's not don't.
So those are ways of doing it in the HTML.
In CSS you can just do hyphens auto.
And here I'm just going to get rid of it.
So here are some hyphens
right here because
supercalifragilisticexpialidocious, twice.
Breaks twice in the middle of the word.
Then I type in x.
My hyphens isn't working.
So, you might want to use hyphens
if you have a really small screen,
and so it would actually be max
width would make more sense, right?
So let's play with that one,
and let's do max width.
>> Estelle Weyl: Because when you have
a really big screen,
you don't want hyphenation.
But, when you have a really small screen,
>> Estelle Weyl: You
want hyphenation, right?
Because this, without hyphenation,
would look terrible.
You'd have so many things that were
just three letters on one line.
So that's hyphenation.
you can use it with or
without media queries.
So that's hyphens auto,
that's an other feature.